extend doc for multi-decade optimisation (#712)
PyPSA/PyPSA: doc/optimal_power_flow.rst

------------------

Global constraints apply to more than one component.

> Currently 5 global constraint types are defined. They are activated if a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, five global constraint types are defined. They are activated if a
```

sense ``<=`` and constant :math:`\textrm{CAP}_{CO2}`. Emissions can come
from generators whose energy carriers have :math:`\mathrm{CO}_2` emissions and from
stores and storage units whose storage medium releases or absorbs :math:`\mathrm{CO}_2`
when it is converted. Only stores and storage units with non-cyclic
state of charge that is different at the start and end of the
simulation can contribute.

If the specific emissions of energy carrier :math:`s` is :math:`e_s`
(``carrier.co2_emissions``) :math:`\mathrm{CO}_2`-equivalent-tonne-per-MWh and the
generator with carrier :math:`s` at node :math:`n` has efficiency
:math:`\eta_{n,s}` then the :math:`\mathrm{CO}_2` constraint is

.. math::
   \sum_{n,s,t} \frac{1}{\eta_{n,s}} w_t\cdot g_{n,s,t}\cdot e_{n,s} + \sum_{n,s}\left(e_{n,s,t=-1} - e_{n,s,t=|T|-1}\right) \cdot e_{n,s} \leq  \textrm{CAP}_{CO2}  \hspace{.4cm} \leftrightarrow  \hspace{.4cm} \mu

The first sum is over generators; the second sum is over stores and
storage units. :math:`\mu` is the shadow price of the constraint,
i.e. the :math:`\mathrm{CO}_2` price in this case.

Transmission Volume Expansion Limit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This global constraint can limit the maximum line volume expansion
> (``type=transmission_volume_expansion_limit``). Possible carriers are 'AC' and 'DC'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This global constraint can limit the maximum line volume expansion in MWkm
(``type=transmission_volume_expansion_limit``). Possible carriers are 'AC' and 'DC'.
```

Transmission Expansion Cost Limit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This global constraint can limit the maximum cost of line expansion
(``type=transmission_expansion_cost_limit``). Possible carriers are 'AC' and 'DC'.

Technology Capacity Expansion Limit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This global constraint can limit the maximum summed capacity of active assets
of a carrier (e.g. onshore wind) for an investment period at a chosen node
(``type=tech_capacity_expansion_limit``).

> This constraint is mainly used for multi-investments. It can represent land

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This constraint is mainly used for multi-decade investment planning. It can represent land
```

> resource/ building restrictions for a technology in a certain region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource or building rate restrictions for a technology in a certain region.
```

Currently, only the capacities of extendable generators have to be below the set limit.

For example, the capacities of all onshore wind generators (``carrier_attribute="onshore wind"``) at a certain bus
(``bus="DE"``) should be smaller (``sense="<="``) than the technical potential for onshore wind
in the specific region (``constant=Limit``). Then the technology capacity expansion constraint is

.. math::
  \sum_{s | b_s<=a<b_s+L_s} \bar{g}_{n,s} \leq  \textrm{Limit} \hspace{.4cm} a \in A.

Where :math:`A` are the investment periods,
:math:`s` are all extendable generators of the specified carrier, :math:`b_s` is the build year of an
asset :math:`s` with lifetime :math:`L_s`.

The constraint can also be formulated with the opposite sense, so that,
a minimum expansion of a certain technology is required on a certain bus.

Operational Limit
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
```

the temporal weightings (including snapshot objective weightings and investment
period temporal weightings).

> The general procedure for modelling multi-investment periods in PyPSA is to add
> an asset for each investment period whose capacity is to be expandable at that time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general procedure for modelling multi-investment periods in PyPSA is to add
an asset for each investment period, in which its capacity should be expandable.
```

Iterative transmission capacity expansion

> -----------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

If the transmission capacity is changed in passive networks, then the impedance will also change (i.e. if parallel lines are installed). This is not reflected in the ordinary optimization, however ``Network.optimize.optimize_transmission_expansion_iteratively`` covers this through an iterative process as done `in here <http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360544214000322#>`_.

Security-Constrained Power Flow

> -------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
